Vision / Mission / Values - dSPACE
Your Partner in Simulation and Validation
Solutions & Products
Support
Learning Center
Magazine
Company
Career
Contact us
Search
mydSPACE
Change Language
Home
Company
Vision / Mission / Values
Vision: The Technology Leader in Simulation and Validation
We are a trusted innovation leader enabling technology and mobility pioneers to make life safer, cleaner, and easier. This is what we stand for as a company and what we strive for every day. It gives a sense of purpose to our employees and serves as a guiding principle for their actions.
Mission: We ensure customer success
This is what defines us as a company and what we want to do for our customers. Three principles play a prominent role in this:
Passion for Innovation
As the technology leader, we provide reliable, cutting-edge tools and solutions that enable our customers to bring innovations to market efficiently, consistently, and on time.
People Excellence
We rely on our global team of highly skilled and committed staff – continuously investing in our employees’ training and development.
Customer Focus
We are located close to our customers and cultivate long-term relationships with our customers and business partners.
Our Corporate Values
Our corporate values are the foundation of our corporate culture. They guide our corporate management and employees. They serve as guidelines for our behavior and actions. They influence our daily work and are an expression of our employees’ interactions, our management actions as well as our attitude towards our customers and business partners.
Continuity
As a family-operated business, dSPACE stands for independence and continuity.
Innovation​
Our initiative and willingness to change are the key to innovation.
Will to Perform ​
Driven by the will to perform, as a team we achieve the best possible results.
Reliability ​
Our reliable and sustainable actions build trust within the company and outside.
Staying Fair ​
Our cooperation is based on fairness, appreciation, and respect.
Stay up-to-date with our dSPACE direct newsletter service.
With our dSPACE newsletter service, we will keep you informed about current use cases and new solutions and products, as well as trainings and events. Sign up here for a free subscription.
Enable form call
At this point, an input form from Click Dimensions is integrated. This enables us to process your newsletter subscription. The form is currently hidden due to your privacy settings for our website.
External input form
By activating the input form, you consent to personal data being transmitted to Click Dimensions within the EU, in the USA, Canada or Australia. More on this in our privacy policy.
Your partner in simulation and validation
Newsroom
Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Imprint & General Terms and Conditions
© 2024 dSPACE GmbH